# Version 2.0 Model
The previous model (v1.0), seems to require a sufficient lighting for adaquete screw detection. The goal of this model was to try reduce the necessity of additional lighting. The Roland's interior environment only contains dim blue lights so if this model is successful in meeting the goal, with further improvements, we may not need any additional lighting. Therefore, one major aspect of this data set was the main lighting source was a single bed room lamp which was capable of outputting a maximum brightness of 300 lumens. This lamp had two other settings for a middle and lower brightness 

The other major change that you would see in the v2.0 dataset is the angle and distance between the hard drive and the phone camera has been drastically changed. v1.0 was taken to be a model which would observe the hard drive at a 30 degree angle. It was decided that if v1.0 was the model that was used in the final solution, a camera would be positioned on the side wall of the Roland. However, due to the visual distortion that comes with observing a rectanglular prism at an angle, it was also important to check the viability of creating a model that was capable of observing hard drive from directly above, to avoid this distortion. If this model was able to work, then we would avoid the distortion problem. Therefore the images in this data set were taken **parallel to the hard drive** and **50 cm away**. 
Considering how zoom was a major factor for the previous model, the zoom of the camera was varied between 1x, 2x and 3x zoom.